Thanks for helping out today.
Sota's been eating me out of house
and home, so shopping's been rough.
He's a growing boy.
"100% Courage! Hurricane Star!"
♪ Yeah, brave and courageous Hurricane Star! ♪
♪ Now go, fight! ♪
♪ Believe in yourself and your friends! Let's go! ♪
That's from an anime.
W-Was I singing along?!
Yup. You're a good singer, Hori-san.
I'm so not!
I can't believe I was singing that
in public... I gotta pay attention.
What's wrong with liking anime music?
I'm not into it, but Sota is.
He listens to those same CDs over
and over, so now I know the lyrics.
Well, what kind of music do you like, Hori-san?
Me? I like...
I have no idea what's popular!
But I know all the words to an anime song!
I'm back!
Welcome home!
Wait... Mom?!
Hi!
"Horimiya"
Wow, so you've been having
lots of fun with him, then?
Uh-huh! He comes over
all the time to play with me!
"You Wear More Than One Face"
Uh-huh! He comes over
all the time to play with me!
"You Wear More Than One Face"
He even bought me a book, see?
Wow, how nice!
Good going there, Kyoko.
So, what's he like? Is he cute?
He reminds me of the
dark villain in a detective movie...
What kind of description is that, Kyoko?
Isn't he your friend?
Well, yeah, but...
I'd love to talk with him one-on-one sometime!
What do you wanna discuss with him alone?!
Okay, all done.
That felt good! Thank you.
So what's his name?
Huh?
Your villain.
His name's Miyamura.
Miyamura-kun?
Yeah, Miyamura. First name...
What's Miyamura's first name?!
Oh my God, he's been coming
over to my house for forever now,
but I still have no idea what his first name is!
And our teacher took
the attendance sheet with him...
Why don't I just ask him?
Hey, Miyamura, you got a first name?
What?
No way! That's the absolute
last thing I should do!
Let's go get changed.
Hey, Miyamura, what's P.E. gonna be today?
Pretty sure we have a combined class.
Someone call him by his first name! C'mon, boys!
Hori-san's watching us change!
H... Hori-san?!
You were peeping? Are you pent up
and frustrated or something, Hori?
Yeah.
Wait, what?!
"Class Academic Standings"
"#1: Kakeru Sengoku"
Dammit...
If he were a little bit smarter, I'd know!
Hori? You heading home?
Toru! Good timing.
I need to ask you about Miyamura--
Miyamura?
My broken heart's still healing!
Some help you are!
Who knew trying to find out
his name would be this exhausting...
Hey, Kyoko, is there
something wrong with my curry?
This is the third day in a row
we've had microwave curry.
So you've got no school tomorrow.
Will Miyamura-kun be coming over?
I dunno, probably.
Wow, really? Oh, boy, I'm so excited!
Why? He's not coming over to hang with you, Mom.
Wait, he might tell Mom his name!
Yes!
"The Next Day"
Hi! I'm so glad to finally meet you! Come on in.
Thank you, ma'am.
H-Hori's mom! So this is what she's like.
Oh, I brought you this.
My, thank you so much!
I'm sorry, Kyoko's out
on some errands right now.
She's told me so much about you.
--Hi, Mom!
--Oh, Sota's home late.
Hey! You're here!
What a lovely name!
I'd love to sit and chat,
but I have to get back to work.
That's okay. I'll be heading out soon, too...
You're leaving already?! C'mon, stay!
Thank you for always helping out.
You're welcome.
Wait, where's Mom?!
Uh, she went back to work.
Which one do you want?
The one with the strawberry!
That witch! She sent me on errands
so she could talk alone with him!
Your mom's the first person to call me
by my first name since 6th grade.
It felt kinda awkward.
Wait, what?
She used my first name.
I heard you the first time!
Oh, you mean how she used it?
She used -kun. Your mom's pretty young, huh?
Has this guy literally ever had
a coherent conversation with me?
Ugh, that's not what I meant!
You know, Hori-san, you've been
acting kind of weird lately.
W-Weird how?!
I mean, you were watching
the guys change at school.
Yeah, but I had a reason.
Wait, do you have a crush
on someone or something?
No, it's because...
My name?!
That's what you've been so worried about?!
My name though, really? Wow.
Wow, sis, you're so lame!
How am I supposed to ask you that, huh?!
--I'm borrowing your pen. Give me a sec.
--You're such a lame-o!
--I'm a lame-o?! Could a lame-o do this?!
--Ow, that hurts, you lame-o!
--Here.
--I'm a lame-o?! Could a lame-o do this?!
"Izumi Miyamura"
Izumi Miyamura?
Oh, sorry, let me write down the pronunciation.
--Hand it back.
--I can read it!
Whatever, I'm keeping this,
just in case I forget it again.
I'd really rather you didn't forget it.
I-I know, okay?!
You'll remember it easier if you say it!
I-Izumi.
That's right, Hori-san.
No, it feels weird.
I'll just keep calling you Miyamura!
Oh, c'mon, Hori-san...
Hold up, Miyamura!
Do you not know my first name?!
What? It's Kyoko, right?
I look like a total moron!
Sometimes, Hori-san says the dumbest things.
W-Well, start laughing! I know it's funny!
But you'll get mad at me if I laugh.
Yeah, I will!
That's no fair!
Sorry about all this, Hori-san.
I know you're already so busy.
It's totally fine! I'd do
anything for you, Sengoku-kun.
Thanks, you're a lifesaver.
Hold onto these for a sec, Sakura.
Okay.
Things go much smoother when
you've got capable people on the job.
Y-You think so?
On that note, Hori-san,
could I ask another favor of you?
Huh?
I-I'm so sorry, Hori-san.
The student council is
really swamped right now...
I-It's okay. I know how it is, Sengoku-kun.
Whoa, look at your bags!
I have bags?!
These what the Student Council
wanted you to handle?
Yeah.
Why do you have to do their work, Hori?!
Most of their members are new
right now, so they're having a hard time.
Is that how it works?
It's still weird that they're
having you do this important stuff.
They're just using you, Hori!
Sure, but they need the help, so I don't mind.
What?! You should!
She's got it rough.
Yeah.
And we're too dumb to help out with anything.
President Sengoku's top of the class, right?
Really?
The girls all like him, too.
Maybe Hori-san's helping
him out because she likes him.
Hori-san, you around?
Oh, Ayasaki-san!
Here are the files and notebooks I worked on.
Watch out, they're heavy.
I've got 'em! Thanks!
Whoa, she's gorgeous!
That's President Sengoku's girlfriend.
They're hot and dating each other?!
Ayasaki-san's on the council, too.
Though I don't think she does much work.
She's like their mascot.
What?! So they're just pushing
the hot girl's work onto you, Hori!
Jeez, don't put it like that.
Though you're right,
the work I just did was
Ayasaki-san's responsibility.
They're totally making her do her work...
I'm gonna head home.
Okay.
I hope Hori-san's okay...
I wonder if she'd feel better
if I baked her a cake.
H-Hey, are you okay?
Watch where you're going!
--I did, though--
--I don't have time for this! Hurry up and help!
Huh?
Ugh, Sakura's gonna yell
at me again for being late!
Hey, what about this?
Uh, I probably don't need it,
so just throw it out!
Bye!
What?!
I couldn't even get a word in,
and now she's gone...
"Budget Report"
What's going on?
I told you, I gave you everything I worked on!
I know, but there are papers missing.
--And we can't find them anywhere.
--Huh? What's happening over here?
Miyamura-kun! You gotta help!
It's Hori! She's in trouble!
Hori-san?
The student council's yelling at Hori-san!
I gave you everything yesterday,
including the budget paperwork!
You saw, right, Ayasaki-san?!
Remi says she didn't see.
You didn't check to see
if it was everything, did you?
Sure, but shouldn't you guys--
You're right, some of the blame falls on us.
But only if those budget papers
were in the pile you handed over.
Hori-san, were they in there?
They were.
But to be honest, I was so tired,
I can't remember...
Hori-san messed up?
The girl in Class 1?
I hear the council's running behind
because she lost those papers.
The poor Prez...
If it's your fault, I just want
an apology. That's all, Hori-san.
Sengoku, you asshole--
Cool it, Ishikawa!
Stop! Hori finished working
on the budget! I saw her do it!
She gave it to you yesterday!
Man, all she has to do is apologize.
C'mon, just say sorry.
Ishikawa-kun.
Miyamura?
Can you hold my bag and glasses? Thanks.
Well, Hori-san?
--I'm--
--You don't have to apologize.
You don't have to tell them anything, Hori-san.
Miyamura?
What do you want?
Mr. President.
What?!
What the hell are you doing?!
Sengoku-kun!
Violence is unacceptable!
Why did you think you could--?
Is this what you were looking for?
The budget files! Why do you have them?
I found it in the hall yesterday.
Ayasaki-san told me to throw it away.
I didn't tell you to--
Ohhh, you mean in the hall...
Remi...
I'm sorry!
So it wasn't Hori-san's fault?
What happened, then?
Who knows?
I'm just glad it got resolved.
I was this close to crying.
You're super organized, Hori.
No way it could've been you.
Oh, c'mon.
You really helped me out there, Miyamura.
Thanks.
I just happened to be there is all.
But why'd you need to headbutt
him if you had the papers?
Oh, I was just kinda pissed at him.
I've been wondering, Hori-san.
Does the Student Council Prez
have some dirt on you or something?
Huh?!
I mean, you always do
whatever he asks you to do.
That is weird!
Why do you do it?
C'mon, it's just 'cause
the student council's so busy!
And Sengoku... -kun and I have
known each other for forever!
Sengoku, you're such a crybaby!
Stop, Kyo-chan!
But I hate peas!
Rock, paper, scissors!
When high school starts,
I'm not going to be your dog anymore!
My dog? Wow, that's how you saw yourself?
That's kind of hilarious.
And you're going to use
an honorific with my name!
I want to have a normal,
happy time in high school!
Really?
You'll do it, or I'll tell everyone
how you treated me!
What, treated you how?
Like this! This is what I'm talking about!
Fine, then,
S-Sen...
Sengoku... -kun.
That's it. Thanks, Hori-san.
Seriously, I've known him forever!
He definitely has dirt on her.
Morning, Prez.
Good morning, sir!
Sengoku was traumatized by what happened.
Hey, it's almost Hori's birthday.
Wait, really?
It's at the end of March.
Oh, so it's during spring break.
I was thinking of getting her something.
But she's turned me down once already.
I'd just be bothering her.
I don't think it'd bother her.
There's nothing wrong with
wanting to get her something.
I guess, but I've got no idea what to get her.
It's the thought that counts.
Just get her whatever you want.
Maybe some jewelry or something.
No way, that's way too serious.
What about a desk ornament?
Don't you know what kind
of stuff she likes, Miyamura?
A present for Hori-san...
What would I give her?
Hey, do you think my bro will
come here every day over break?
Not every day.
And remember, this won't last forever.
He'll stop coming someday.
Okay... when will that be?
When you graduate high school?
When will Miyamura stop coming over?
I don't know.
You'd be sad if he stopped coming over, right?
I'd be really sad!
Hori-san.
Yeah, I'd be sad!
C'mon, sis, be a little
more honest with yourself.
Sh-Shut it!
Happy birthday!
Right, it's my birthday!
Spring break made me
totally forget about it. Thanks!
This is from me. Happy birthday.
Whoa, what is this?
A CD of all the songs people
our age are into? The popular ones?!
Yeah. The ones I like, at least.
Thank you, Miyamura.
How strange.
How'd he know that this was what I wanted?
You're such a weirdo.
If it's my birthday, that means
spring break's almost over.
Yeah.
We'll be third years soon, huh?
"That's Why It's Okay"